# Task Progress Tables

## Meta
Repository          | Is Library? | Has Installer?  | Structure | Version | MVP
--------------------|-------------|-----------------|-----------|---------|----
bmi                 | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
cellular            | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
module_greeter      | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
opengl              | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
qtechdev.github.io  | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
qimg                | Yes         | No              | No        | No      | No
qarg                | Yes         | No              | No        | No      | No
qcaesar             | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
qch_meta            | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
qch_vm              | Yes         | No              | No        | No      | No
qch_asm             | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
qch_dis             | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
qchip               | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
qfio                | Yes         | No              | No        | No      | No
qsi                 | Yes         | No              | No        | No      | No
qxdg                | Yes         | No              | No        | No      | No
snake               | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
sudoq               | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
testing_modules     | No          | No              | No        | No      | No
weights             | No          | No              | No        | No      | No


## Files

Repository          | Readme  | Docs  | Changelog | Makefile  | .git* | Tests
--------------------|---------|-------|-----------|-----------|-------|------
bmi                 | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
cellular            | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
module_greeter      | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
opengl              | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qtechdev.github.io  | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qimg                | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qarg                | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qcaesar             | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qch_meta            | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qch_vm              | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qch_asm             | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qch_dis             | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qchip               | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qfio                | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qsi                 | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
qxdg                | Yes     | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
snake               | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
sudoq               | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
testing_modules     | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
weights             | No      | No    | No        | No        | No    | No
